Hello, I'm Dr. William Gideon, chief executive officer
and lead consultant for the Right Path Educational
Consulting Incorporated.
Thank you for the opportunity to connect
with Acts of Region 14 leaders.
At the Right Path, we believe that artificial intelligence
isn't the future of education, it's the present.
And school leaders deserve the tools, training,
and confidence to use AI effectively,
ethically, and strategically.
Cross-California administrators are juggling
more than ever compliance reports,
communication demands, student data and staffing challenges.
What we've discovered is that AI can simplify all of that
when it's introduced the right way.
Our proposal is simple, partner with Acts of Region 14
to launch an AI for educational leadership,
professional learning series designed exclusively
for K-12 administrators.
This isn't a tech tutorial, it's leadership development
for the next era of education.
The four session series is structured around practical hands-on
outcome session one, demystifying AI for school leaders.
We break down what AI really is, explore ethical use,
and identify how we can save hours each week in your workflow.
Session two, AI as your executive assistant,
learn to automate routine communication, reports,
and board updates with precision and tone
that reflect your leadership style.
Session three, data-driven decision-making with AI.
Discover how AI tools can help visualize school trends
and make data interpretation faster and more equitable.
Session four, AI for career advancement
because great leaders plan ahead
will show how to use AI for resume enhancement, cover letters,
and interview preparation for your next step in leadership.